QUESTION:
Derive test scenarios to login a banking site ..login, validated by uid, pwd, or OTP..common is capcha

UI TESTS
1. Display login page as expected 
2. Textboxes should enabled minimum and maximum lenth.
3. Reset button should clear all the fields empty.
4. Login button should enabled after entered the all fields.
5. Error messages should display with out any user deatils.
6. Virtual Key board should enabled.

POSSITIVE functional Tests

1. Login should allow with valid uid, pwd and Capcha
 2. Login should allow with valid uid, pwd and refreshed valid Capcha
 3. Login should allow with valid lenghthy uid, pwd and valid Capcha
4. Login should allow  with valid uid, Lengthy pwd and valid Capcha
5. Refresh the browser after login should not alow.
6. Enter valid details and wait for 5 minutes to Login. It should not alow
7. Copy paste should not allow for the uid, pwd.

TWO WAY Authentication
1. Login should alow with valid UID,PWD,OTP and capcha,
2. OTP should be sent to mail and Phone.
3. Login should not allow with expired OTP.
4. Login should not generate OTP with invalid UID/PWD
5. Login should not allow with worng OTP.
6. Login should allow with regenerated OTP.

SECURITY Tests
1. Check wether the URL is with https or not before login and after login also
2. Password should not display as plain text.
3. Notification has to send if multiple browsers try to login
4. After login copy paste the url in to new brower then it should not allow.
5. Maximum session time out should be working.
6. Check whether the number of attempts left is displaying after wrong attempts of 3 times.

NEGATIVE Functional Test
1. try Login with valid uid, pwd and invalid capcha should not allow.
2. try to Login with Invalid valid uid, valid pwd, Capcha should not allow.
3. try to Login with invalid pwd  and valid uid, capcha should not allow.
4. Check whether Case sensitive UID  and PWD
5. Try to check with all empty values.
6. After logout check the browser should not allow the back button to same session.

PERFORMANCE Test:
1. Verify the time taken to log in with a valid UID and PWD.
2. Verify the logout time taken
3. Verify the clrear button time taken.
